Add procedure for browsing appstream modules in CLM filters (#287)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/content-lifecycle-examples.adoc

. Click btn:``Attach/Detach Filters``, select your new Appstream filter, and click btn:[Save].

> 
> .Procedure: Browsing Available Module Streams
> . Optionally, you can use the browse function in the ``Create/Edit Filter`` form to select a module from a list of available module streams for a modular channel.
> +
> * In the ``Create/Edit Filter`` dialog, instead of entering the module name manually, click ``Browse available modules``.
> * The inputs will be replaced with a channel selector input that lists all modular channels. Select a channel in which you want to browse modules.
> * Once a channel is selected, module and stream selector inputs will appear. You can start typing a module and a stream name to search, or select one from the dropdown list.
> 
> [[NOTE]]
> ====
> In this procedure, the channel selection is only for browsing modules. The selected channel will not be saved with the filter, and will not affect the CLM process in any way.
> ====
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the browse function in the ``Create/Edit Filter`` form to select a module from a list of available module streams for a modular channel.

.Procedure: Browsing Available Module Streams
. In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to FIXME.
. In the ``Create/Edit Filter`` section, click ``Browse available modules`` to see all modular channels. 
. Select a channel to browse the modules and streams.
Start typing a name to search, or select from the list.

[[NOTE]]
====
Channel selection is only for browsing modules. 
The selected channel will not be saved with the filter, and will not affect the CLM process in any way.
====

```

. Click btn:``Attach/Detach Filters``, select your new Appstream filter, and click btn:[Save].

You can use the browse function in the ``Create/Edit Filter`` form to select a module from a list of available module streams for a modular channel.

.Procedure: Browsing Available Module Streams
. In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to your {rhel}{nbsp}8 CLM project.
Ensure that you have included the AppStream channels for your project.
. Click btn:``Create Filter`` and use these parameters:
+
* In the [guimenu]``Filter Name`` field, type a name for the new filter.
* In the [guimenu]``Filter Type`` field, select [parameter]``Module (Stream)``.
. Click ``Browse available modules`` to see all modular channels.

> . Select a channel to browse the modules and streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select a channel to browse the modules and streams.
+
```
